Update docs for ARE_ANY_VEHICLE_SEATS_FREE and SET_VEHICLE_UNDRIVEABLE (#1324)
citizenfx/natives: VEHICLE/SetVehicleUndriveable.md

void SET_VEHICLE_UNDRIVEABLE(Vehicle vehicle, BOOL toggle);
```

Marks a vehicle as undriveable. While this is set, the engine cannot be started by anyone. Peds can still open the door, sit in the driver seat and close the door and try to start the car, but it will only turn over.

> When set to `true`, the engine is forced off instantly if it was running. A moving vehicle will coast, brakes and steering still respond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, the engine is forced off instantly even if it was running. A moving vehicle will coast, brakes and steering still respond.
```

Author: Applied

> Toggling this to `false` will not restart the engine, the driver or a call to [SET_VEHICLE_ENGINE_ON](#_0x2497C4717C8B881E) has to start it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggling this to `false` will not restart the engine. The driver must start it again, or you must call  [SET_VEHICLE_ENGINE_ON](#_0x2497C4717C8B881E)
```

Author: applied

The state is local to each client and is not synced via the network. Every client that has the vehicle in scope needs to apply it.

> Persists across damage and repair ([SET_VEHICLE_FIXED](#_0x115722B1B9C14C1C) does not clear it). If you set it, you clear it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag across damage and repair [SET_VEHICLE_FIXED](#_0x115722B1B9C14C1C) does not clear it. If you set it, you expected to clear it.
```

Author: Applied

void SET_VEHICLE_UNDRIVEABLE(Vehicle vehicle, BOOL toggle);
```

> Marks a vehicle as undriveable. While this is set, the engine cannot be started, whether the ignition attempt comes from the player, an AI driver, or the auto-start that normally fires when a ped finishes entering a vehicle. Peds can still open the door, sit in the driver seat and close the door, they just can't get it moving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This native has no effect on vehicles that don't have an engine, like bicycles.

Marks a vehicle as undriveable. While this is set, the engine cannot be started by anyone. Peds can still open the door, sit in the driver seat and close the door and try to start the car, but it will only turn over.
```

> When toggled on, the engine is also switched off immediately if it was running. The cut is instant with no animation, so a moving vehicle will coast until friction stops it. Brakes and steering still respond. If you need a graceful stop, bring the vehicle to a halt before calling this. Audio reflects the state too, the ignition hold stretches so a driver cranks the starter for longer without the engine catching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, the engine is forced off instantly if its currently running.
```

I don't think a lot of this information is relevant here

> Toggling it back off only clears the restriction, it does not restart the engine. The driver, or a call to [SET_VEHICLE_ENGINE_ON](#_0x2497C4717C8B881E), has to start it again. Calling [SET_VEHICLE_ENGINE_ON](#_0x2497C4717C8B881E) with the engine-on argument while this flag is still set is a no-op, and in non-shipping builds it fires a script assert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Toggling this to `false` will not restart the engine, the driver or a call to [SET_VEHICLE_ENGINE_ON](#_0x2497C4717C8B881E) has to start it again. 
```

I don't think its necessary here to say that SET_VEHICLE_ENGINE_ON is a no-op, though maybe it would make more sense under `SET_VEHICLE_ENGINE_ON` to say that it will do nothing if `SET_VEHICLE_UNDRIVABLE` is set to `true`

### Behavior and caveats

> The state is local to each client and is not network synced. In multiplayer, every client that has the vehicle in scope needs to apply it, and it has to be re-applied when ownership migrates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state is local to each client and is not synced via the network. Every client that has the vehicle in scope needs to apply it.
```

> It persists across most vehicle events. Damage, repair (including [SET_VEHICLE_FIXED](#_0x115722B1B9C14C1C)), ownership transfer and mission cleanup do not clear it. If you set it, you are on the hook for clearing it, otherwise the vehicle will stay dead for any later script that picks it up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set this flag then you are expected to clear it.
```

Author: Will simplify the sentence but keep the note about setvehiclefixed not making the vehicle drivable again

> AI drivers will still try. They can walk up, enter and attempt to start the vehicle once, fail, and then sit inside. Pair it with [SET_VEHICLE_DOORS_LOCKED](#_0xB664292EAECF7FA6) if you want to keep peds out entirely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this is entirely relevant, and seems redundant to comments from before

> Peds can still open the door, sit in the driver seat and close the door, they just can't get it moving.

> [IS_VEHICLE_DRIVEABLE](#_0x4C241E39B23DF959) does not observe this flag. It only reports damage and fire based drivability, so a vehicle marked undriveable through this native will still come back as drivable from that query as long as it is not wrecked or on fire. Track the undriveable state yourself if your logic depends on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This should be flagged in `IS_VEHICLE_DRIVABLE`

Damage-based undriveability is independent. A vehicle with a destroyed engine or no fuel is already undriveable through a separate path, and clearing this flag won't override that.

> 
> Bicycles accept the flag but have no engine to shut off, so the call has no meaningful effect on them.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I suggested this be moved towards the very top

Author: Unsure if that should be at the very top since it's a nice to know

Reviewer: Up to you, since this is behavioral it might make sense but there isn't really any guidelines for this.

> You don't need to call this every tick. Setting it once when the vehicle spawns, when a ped enters it, or when it streams in is enough, the flag sticks until you clear it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think this is needed, natives should say if they need to be called per frame, not the other way around.

Author: Makes sense

## Parameters
* **vehicle**: The vehicle to modify.

> * **toggle**: `true` to mark the vehicle as undriveable and immediately shut the engine off, `false` to clear the restriction (does not restart the engine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **toggle**: `true` to mark the vehicle as undriveable and immediately shuts the engine off, `false` allows the vehicle to be driven again
```
